hello everyone Decker shadow here and
yeah I'm currently working on getting
some stuff going with my computer
ripping some movies and then taking a
sweet-ass time with it but I ran across
this little thing here called monkey go
happy it's a puzzle game with a monkey
and he's sad and yeah you could probably
tell by now that I'm just pointing the
camera at my monitor that's because this
is a web browser-based game and I don't
have any programs on this thing right
now to actually record straight from the
desktop just little chunks of interest
images never mind anyway let's see what
this is all about yeah pencil cute
monkey go happy use your mouse to click
on objects and locations on the screen
to solve puzzles shoot stuff and more
please make monkey go happy he's a
fucking sad right now it's no good we
need to make monkey go happy see I think
I need to fix my angles slightly to get
the whole thing in frame
close enough
kill the monkey not allowed
might notice something already was that
a difficult puzzle I know it's fucking
nothing else here that you could
possibly even try to do anything with
the monkeys fucking sad again matches
and the goddamn thing as explosions no
monkeys happy let's go bowling as this
is a puzzle asshole actually if you go
just straight in like that you usually
get it
goddamn as a disturbing fucking monkey
yes straight at the front pin just a
straight roll usually gets a 710 split
which is not a very good thing that at
all
this time it's a strike and the monkey
is fucking crazy fucking a bee oh he's
sad too the TV's off a fucking monkey
turn on yourself you're right fuck it
okay fine look at that turn it on and
now we get a fucking orangutan and the
monkeys fucking happy the monkey is
fucking happy
monkey can fucking it'd be okay what are
you oh you want money in there fine get
the money oh now what show do you want
with the bear probably not funny
I don't think so monkey yeah you
probably want a fucking monkey you
stuck-up fucking monkey yeah take your
monkey and now the monkey is fucking
happy
the monkey is happy hey can I turn this
thing around to him just how do you see
that his back was turned when the whole
thing was going on mushrooms and see
let's destroy this ecosystem as much as
possible no reason to leave any of these
around to potentially actually have some
kind of you know reproductive capacity
that's not necessary fuck the ecosystem
fuck nature we gotta make the fucking
monkey happy the monkeys
fuckin happy and now are they gonna hear
we got a rotating picture puzzle in case
you can't figure out which side is up
like you really need to figure out that
this is a picture of a fucking monkey to
make the fucking monkey happy know this
monkey isn't looking very happy a monkey
has to go to work he's not happy at all
ah look at this it's a complicated
puzzle with many pieces that fit exactly
in the spots and that tells you where to
put every last one of them so there's no
possible way you could screw this up you
don't even have to click where it goes
it just gets closed in and attaches box
stare let's pull this little and look at
that it goes oh it's a Rube Goldberg
machine that has almost no mechanical
parts to it
and pop up and it's a jack-in-the-box
and now the monkey is fuckin happy and
this one yeah he can't click that can't
just choose a path by clicking on it but
you have to roll your mouse over each
every last individual part and since you
have no idea what it is before you get
to it it's just a matter of chance
really which is kind of shitty this
challenge here is a challenge of having
your Mouse follow something that you
don't necessarily even have to follow
it's not gonna penalize you if you fuck
around with it it's no time limit on
this thing but after all you got a hurry
because you want to make sure the monkey
is fuckin ok damn that fucking monkey I
understand that missing tooth um I'm
guessing but someone punched him in the
fucking face before oh great fuck you
fuck you smash all your your teeth fuck
your teeth
what a goddamn hole break your fucking
teeth I all come out in the same pattern
so if you got one left it just takes a
long fucking time for it to come back as
it's just following the background now
that all these innocent creatures teeth
are broken the fuck out monkey is
fucking happy and yeah that was monkey
go happy you want another crazy part
there's eight of these fucking things